README.md, before:

# Weather Data Analysis of Six Global Cities in 2014

<img width="534" height="516" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/700a3b0a-7344-4493-b016-eb0ba4670678" />

In this project, we are going to perform a comprehensive analysis of weather data collected throughout 2014 for six diverse global cities: **Beijing, Brasilia, Cape Town, Delhi, London, and Moscow**. By examining key meteorological parameters such as temperature, precipitation, humidity, dew point, and wind speed, we aim to uncover distinct climatic patterns, assess thermal stability, characterize precipitation regimes, understand the relationship between humidity and dew point, analyze seasonal temperature variations, and evaluate wind speed characteristics across these different geographical locations. This comparative analysis provides insights into the varied climates experienced around the world and highlights notable differences and similarities in their weather behaviors during the year 2014.

You can access the Colab notebook [here](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1FkdDwc8B2jjt723YKag3lQ771zMZczPW#scrollTo=ALOKpABw1Hhl).

Commit message:

Add blog article link to README
Updated the README to include a link to a blog article documenting the analysis.

README.md, after:

# Weather Data Analysis of Six Global Cities in 2014

<img width="534" height="516" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/700a3b0a-7344-4493-b016-eb0ba4670678" />

In this project, we are going to perform a comprehensive analysis of weather data collected throughout 2014 for six diverse global cities: **Beijing, Brasilia, Cape Town, Delhi, London, and Moscow**. By examining key meteorological parameters such as temperature, precipitation, humidity, dew point, and wind speed, we aim to uncover distinct climatic patterns, assess thermal stability, characterize precipitation regimes, understand the relationship between humidity and dew point, analyze seasonal temperature variations, and evaluate wind speed characteristics across these different geographical locations. This comparative analysis provides insights into the varied climates experienced around the world and highlights notable differences and similarities in their weather behaviors during the year 2014.

I wrote a [blog article](https://code-with-franklin-obika.hashnode.dev/weather-data-analysis-of-six-global-cities-in-2014) to document the analysis. You can access the Colab notebook [here](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1FkdDwc8B2jjt723YKag3lQ771zMZczPW#scrollTo=ALOKpABw1Hhl).
